
This is the first part of two in your mini project which is 80% of your final grade (this part is 50% and the next one is 30%).

As opposed to previous task - this one is very similar to the ones we encounter in real life (i.e., the goal is clear, but everything else is obscure). 

Your goal is building an AI-powered predator detector that will save youth (victims) from threats and hazards of online attacks (the most concerning one is pedophiles). 

In this task - I am your customer. That means, I have raised the business need. Your job is proposing a solution with high validity such that I'll understand your solutions method and capabilities (performance). Keep in mind - your customer has some experience in D.S and cyber security. You have 2 months to create a proposal that will convince your customer to invest in your solution. He will review your repots, and accordingly decide whether he believes your solution can work and how is it compared to others. Only one solution will be chosen.

Currently, your customer have shared with you a corpus (https://chatcoder.com/Data/GeneralData.rar) of predator- victim conversations he gathered (originally from perverted-justice.com  http://www.perverted-justice.com/?con=full). This should be used as your starting point in the research/proposal setup. Eventually, your customer looks for a proposal to implement in a chat framework, where anyone can contact anyone else with no restrictions, and the details of the chat users were not confirmed (i.e., one can write any age, location, interests as he wish).

Since this tasks goal is focusing on real-life challenges, there is no specific structure or guidelines you should follow. Your goal is convincing your customer that your proposed solution satisfied his needs (please note that users needs were not really defined - you can help him). Note that you have already done one task in your past, this may be used as potential baseline.

Your delivery should include:

Report - a pdf document with complete review of all your work. 
Code (may be in any form (colab, .py, Jupyter). Please note that I will not be reviewing your code results - hence, if you have anything you wish to present in your report - make sure you copy it.
What am I looking for?

Problem definition - make it clear 
Data handling (note that the data your customer shared with has no benign data)
Simplicity - should be easy to implement and understand
Deployability - address this issue - eventually it should work not only in theory
Profound report with comprehensive documentation 
Future work and discussion - where this project can lead us to? build-up for your next clients project
Let your customer know about your thoughts, limitations and restrictions. 
You are free to use any package, tool, service. No limitations.
